Project Requirements

Functional

Functional requirements are the basic system management. It describes what the system does and its response to inputs by users.
Category	Description
Transaction corrections, adjustments and cancellations	This shall check every transaction (approve/cancellation)
Authentication functions	Confidential/Non-confidential information that users enter in the application
Certification 	The business will need to obtain certifications to work on the system (security)
Search	This will tell you how users can search and retrieve data
Archiving	Application must be able to archive the data for long-term storage 
Compliance, legal, regulatory 	Laws from government and policies that businesses and their applications must follow
Backup and Recovery	If the application crashes and wipes data there is a plan/back up to restore data.

 
We have started with these basic requirements to get our application started.
A.	Users must be able to registers and enter the application.
1.	Sign-up and register page
2.	Logging in with verifications
3.	“Forgot password” section that sends a link to the email registered

B.	User much be able to conduct a booking on the application, with options to change/cancel parking booking
1.	Booking, adjust, cancel, and confirm parking spot booking
2.	Send confirmation to email and print options for invoice
3.	Display parking location and parking costs

C.	User must be able to view other parking spots for cheaper/free rates by applying filters.
1.	Users dash board
2.	Page with available parking spot based on GPS location
3.	Feature to filter and organize the parking spots available based on cheaper rates, distance and car size, etc.

 
Non-Functional

Non-functional requirements describe how a system must behave and establish constraints of its functionality. 
We will be covering the most common types of non-functional requirements based on our software.

Category	Description
Performance	The software application load time should not be more than 3 seconds for users
Reliability	Users can access their accounts 98% of the time without failure 
Availability	The system updates parking spot availability every hour throughout the day. In the case of an unplanned downtime, all features will be available again within 30min-1hour.
Maintainability	If the automated confirmation email /invoice/receipt becomes unavailable, they can be under maintain for approximately 1-2 hours.
Recoverability	If a major incident happens on the application, the business must take measure to go back to being fully operational within 24 hours.
Capacity	Up to 1,000, 000 users can be logged during peak hours, from 6am to 10pm and up to 250,000 off peak hours, from 10pm to 6am.
Serviceability	The users can choose whether to received emails confirmations or keep it store on their account.
Security	Only users logged in can book spot and view other confidential information, such as credit on file, address, car license, etc.
Data Integrity	The application shall maintain data integrity by keeping backups of all updates to the database for every record transaction
Usability	The application interface has to be user friendly and easy to use.
Specifically for those familiar with touch screen mobile devices.
It runs on iPhone devices running on iOS versions: 14 and over and Android devices running on version: 10 and over
